Great work in this section!
We focused on a few new
topics that will help
you put Python into practice
in the security profession.
First, we explored opening
and reading files in Python.
Security analysts work
with a lot of log files,
so the ability to do
this is essential.
Next, we covered parsing files.
Log files can be very long.
For this reason, a structure
in these files to make them more
readable helps you automate
your tasks and get the
information you need.
And last, we focused
on debugging code.
Knowing how to debug
your code can save
you a lot of time,
especially as your code
increases in complexity.
Overall, I hope you feel
proud of what you've
accomplished in this section.
Addressing security
issues through Python is
exciting, and the information we
covered will allow
you to do that.